Your constitutional rights don't depend on your race, gender, income, sexuality or religion. I can't believe we still have to say that.
Why must we guarantee health care as a right? Because people who can't afford care deserve to live as much as those who can.
When people put their lives on the line to defend us, the president must listen to them, not to the Koch brothers &amp; their extreme ideology.
Privatizing the VA would be an insult to the more than 22 million veterans who risked their lives to defend our cou\xe2\x80\xa6
NEWS: Sanders Statement on VA
The United States must join the rest of the industrialized world and guarantee paid family and medical leave to all workers.
The very rich are getting much richer as the top 1% now earn an average of $1.3 million a year \xe2\x80\x93 more than 3 times as much as in the 1980s.
People who need a tax cut are not those who are raking in millions and millions each year, but the struggling and frustrated middle class.
Mr. Trump: You told the American people that you would NOT cut Social Security, Medicare or Medicaid. Keep your pro\xe2\x80\xa6
The number of Native Americans per capita who are imprisoned is 38% above the national average. This is discriminatory and unacceptable.
Mr. Trump might want to think about starting to believe in climate change, considering his resorts will be underwater in a few years.
Don't believe what Republicans say about Social Security. It's not going broke. It can pay out full benefits to every retiree for 18 years.
Sen. Sanders is seeking a creative Press Assistant with strong video, graphic design and writing skills. Apply now:
Despite enormous profits, the financial services industry employs only 4% of our total workforce.
We need an economic strategy which creates decent paying jobs for all Americans, not one which turns Wall Street CEOs into billionaires.
The political revolution is not just an American need. It must happen globally.
Do we really want to live in a country where the NSA gathers data on virtually every single phone call in the Unite\xe2\x80\xa6
The leaders of this country cannot keep talking about "freedom" without a major effort to protect privacy rights.
The fight continues for a Single Payer national health care program. Health care is a right, not a privilege.
There is one major country on earth which does not guarantee health care to all. Yup. You guessed it. It's the United States of America.
3 out of 4 black children will live under the poverty line for at least one year before they turn 18. That's an abomination.
Young people are our future. It just does not make sense to burden them with enormous debt when they try to get an education.
When will the U.S. join countless other major countries and guarantee our workers a living wage, health care and paid family leave?
We are in this together. The truth is, on some level, when you hurt, when your children hurt, I hurt. And when my kids hurt, you hurt.
It is way too late to have a slew of climate change deniers sitting in powerful cabinet positions.
Those concerned about the cost of transitioning to renewable energy should truly fear the cost of failing to do so as soon as possible.
There is not a single state where working 40 hours/week at the minimum wage is enough to afford a one-bedroom apart\xe2\x80\xa6
Donald Trump, the "anti-establishment" Republican, is building a cabinet worth at least $13 billion. The hypocrisy astounds me.
Republicans claim to want less intrusive government, but then they force regulations on women's bodies.
Oligarchy is not just an American issue, it is a global issue. The top 1% of the world's population owns more wealth than the bottom 99%.
There are fair ways to reduce deficits, but cutting programs that benefit the vulnerable while giving the rich tax breaks is not among them.
People ask me every day, well, what do we do now? What you do now is get involved\xe2\x80\x94heavily\xe2\x80\x94into the political process.
"Man is not in charge today, money is. Money rules." \xe2\x80\x93 Pope Francis
"Current levels of production are sufficient, yet millions of people are still suffering and dying of starvation."\xe2\x80\xa6
While Trump and his pals talk about a glowing future for fossil fuels, the business community knows better.
The very rich get richer, the middle class shrinks and 43 million Americans live in poverty. We must stop the movement toward oligarchy.
Lack of mental health treatment is a major crisis. Less than 50% of adults with mental illness received the treatment they needed last year.
Our diversity is our strength. We must take pride in that, not let hatred divide us.
We cannot allow ourselves to be divided by the anti-immigrant and xenophobic hysteria the Republican party has concocted.
We must remember that not only does the wage gap exist, but also that it disproportionately hurts women of color.
Presidents, Republicans and Democrats, have understood that our goal must be to reduce the number of nuclear weapons, not expand them.
Congress must not allow the Tweeter in Chief to unleash a dangerous and costly nuclear arms race.
Millions of us have to stand up and tell Mr. Trump to start listening to the scientific community, not to CEOs of the fossil fuel industry.
While the top .01% has seen their incomes go up 322% since 1980, the bottom 90% have seen almost no income gains.
The women of this country have the right to control their own bodies, not politicians. No cuts to Planned Parenthood.
"Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will." \xe2\x80\x93 Frederick Douglass, 1857
We have to summon up the courage to acknowledge that we are in a crisis situation and that bold action is needed to save our planet.
Incredibly, just 100 CEOs have more in retirement savings than 41% of all U.S. families.
Those who solely work in the interests of the rich, and don't address the needs of ordinary people, should not be running this country.
It is not acceptable that hedge fund managers who make millions pay a lower effective tax rate than nurses or truck drivers.
Democracy is not about a handful of billionaires controlling the country and rewarding themselves.
Trump is assembling the wealthiest cabinet in history \xe2\x80\x94 wealthier than the bottom 1/3 of American households combin\xe2\x80\xa6
Have you, friends or family been addicted to opioids? How has addiction affected you? I want to hear your story.
We face a major opiate addiction crisis. Drug wholesalers like the McKesson Corporation make huge profits pushing addictive painkillers.
The rich get richer and get giant tax breaks, while low-income seniors see their social security cut to pay off decades old student debt.
We should be expanding social security benefits, not punishing seniors for the "crime" of getting a higher educatio\xe2\x80\xa6
In 6 years, drug wholesalers sold 780 million hydrocodone and oxycodone pills in WV. That's 433 pain killers for every person in the state.
If low-wage employers paid their workers a living wage, taxpayers would have saved $153 billion a year from 2009 to 2011
Instead of frightening 11 million undocumented people with deportation, we need a path toward citizenship.
Yes, Mr. Trump, climate change is a "hoax." It\'s just an accident that this year will be the hottest on record.
Instead of making mental health treatment more accessible, we make the situation worse by dumping many mentally ill people in jail.
Large, multi-billion dollar corporations should not make billions pushing addictive drugs.  They should be investig\xe2\x80\xa6
Trump's 18 cabinet-level appointments hold more wealth than 43 million households combined. So much for taking on the establishment...
Mr. Trump does not have a mandate and certainly doesn't have a mandate for the very ugly, horrific things that he said during the campaign.
"Now more than ever, working people must come together and tackle our broken economy head-on." \xe2\x80\x93 Nic Smith
Mr. Trump has nominated an Environmental Protection Agency head who does not believe in environmental protection.
As never before, the American people are going to have to organize and fight back against this reactionary movement toward oligarchy.
Donald Trump has nominated an EPA head doesn't believe in environmental protection and a Labor Secretary who opposes organized labor.
We need to change the electoral college.
Trump received 2.5 million fewer votes than Clinton, yet he'll soon be president. Clearly, in a democratic society, this shouldn't happen.
The function of prescription drugs should be to protect and improve human health, not make drug company CEOs rich.
You don't appoint a cabinet of billionaires if you want to take on the establishment.
The business model of the pharmaceutical industry is fraud. They lie and collude to drive prices up.
I've been criticized for this point, so allow me to repeat it: Yes, health care is a right of all people.
Republicans' plan to take health care away from millions of Americans may cause 27,000 people to die every year.
Our Muslim brothers and sisters should not have to fear for their lives every day. We have got to fight discrimination in every way we can.
The future of drug prices in America comes down to this: Do we have the guts to stand up to drug companies who are\xe2\x80\xa6
Tax burdens should not fall on the middle class, which is struggling; it should fall on the wealthy, who don't even pay their fair share.
In 1965, ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay was 20:1. In 2014, it was 303:1. That's just incomprehensible to me.
Mr. Trump may not know it, and his cabinet may not know it, but the debate about climate change is over.
It truly does not make sense that 52 percent of all new income is going to the top 1 percent.
Trump\'s "anti-establishment" cabinet of millionaires and billionaires is worth more than 1/3 of U.S. households com\xe2\x80\xa6
NEWS: Cummings, Sanders Raise Concerns about Heritage's Assertions to Congress While Engaged in Alleged Price Fixing\
We cannot afford to by led people who, despite all of the scientific evidence, believe that climate change is a hoax.
If Trump is truly planning to stand up for working people, he would not be filling up his cabinet with billionaires and Wall Street bankers.
At $300 generic EpiPens will still cost 3 times more than they did in 2007. This isn't a discount. It's a PR move.
Incredibly, Trump's 17 cabinet-level picks have more wealth than one-third of U.S. households combined - 43 million households!
Is Rex Tillerson, CEO of the largest oil company, going to help transform our energy system away from fossil fuels?\xe2\x80\xa6
Is Mr. Mnuchin, a former executive at Goldman Sachs, going to rein in Wall Street's greed and illegal behavior? I doubt it. #RiggedCabinet
Will Scott Pruitt, a climate change denier who assisted the fossil fuel industry, combat climate change? Don't thin\xe2\x80\xa6
If we don't act, our grandchildren will wonder what was so important about fossil fuel profits that it was worth sacrificing their future.
We must end the "war on drugs." Too many lives are being destroyed.
Mr. Trump does not have a mandate to carry out his extremist ideas and we should not forget that for a second.
RT @Carolynyjohnson: Feds accuse former generic drug executives of price fixing
The drug companies continue to get away with murder, and that must stop.  If we stand together we can defeat corporate greed
Lowering the price of insulin is a victory for Americans against the greed of the drug companies, however much more\xe2\x80\xa6
Pharmaceutical executives must be held accountable for ripping off the American people. Fraud can no longer be an a\xe2\x80\xa6
Trump can propose anything he wants, but he won't succeed in ugly decisions if millions of people stand up and fight back.
Incredibly, the wealthiest 62 people on the planet now own as much wealth as the bottom half of the world's population\xe2\x80\x943.7 billion people.
If the cabinet Trump appointed of billionaires &amp; millionaires is anti-establishment, I would hate to see what the establishment looks like.
